adding browser troublshooting docs (#14213)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/browser/new-relic-browser/troubleshooting/missing-data-on-errors-inbox-page.mdx

---
title: Missing data on Errors Inbox page
type: troubleshooting
tags:
  - Browser
  - Browser monitoring
  - Troubleshooting
metaDescription: How to troubleshoot missing data in errors inbox page
---

## Problem

I'm not seeing some errors in the **Errors Inbox** page.

## Solution

> The Browser Agent automatically collects unhandled errors as they bubble up to the page. If you know errors are occurring within your page or application but are not seeing them in the **Errors Inbox** page, it is most likely that those errors are being properly handled by your page or application. In such scenarios, you may want to utilize the [`noticeError` API](/docs/browser/new-relic-browser/browser-apis/noticeerror).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Browser Agent automatically collects **unhandled** errors as they bubble up to the page. If you know errors are occurring within your page or application but are not seeing them in the **Errors Inbox** page, it is important to check if the errors are being handled by your page or application and not bubbling up. In such scenarios, handled errors can still be observed by utilizing the [`noticeError` API](/docs/browser/new-relic-browser/browser-apis/noticeerror).
```
